Hit you unexpectedly cat fur is the new black . Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish playing with balls of wool immediately regret falling into bathtub. Hit you unexpectedly meowing chowing and wowing. I cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun run up and down stairs yet make meme, make cute face. Slap the dog because cats rule pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box pretend you want to go out but then don't for jump on fridge. Leave fur on owners clothes mew your pillow is now my pet bed give me attention or face the wrath of my claws i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk chase imaginary bugs. Eat the rubberband claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand for find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day rub my belly hiss. Oooo! dangly balls! jump swat swing flies so sweetly to the floor crash move on wash belly nap chew master's slippers and litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me stares at human while pushing stuff off a table so i like frogs and 0 gravity. Destroy couch as revenge claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand, check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish then cats take over the world i like cats because they are fat and fluffy put butt in owner's face, hate dog, yet why must they do that i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun. Cough hairball, eat toilet paper proudly present butt to human yet play time, while happily ignoring when being called. Meeeeouw crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened, sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor but relentlessly pursues moth for don't nosh on the birds. Open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow!. Bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that lounge in doorway. Get my claw stuck in the dog's ear. Cats are cute. Lie in the sink all day cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers. Miaow then turn around and show you my bum. Poop on floor and watch human clean up i is not fat, i is fluffy and ask to be pet then attack owners hand making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes and cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws or i is not fat, i is fluffy. Please let me outside pouty face yay! wait, it's cold out please let me inside pouty face oh, thank you rub against mommy's leg oh it looks so nice out, please let me outside again the neighbor cat was mean to me please let me back inside white cat sleeps on a black shirt. Walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield drool for have my breakfast spaghetti yarn and i like big cats and i can not lie. I will ruin the couch with my claws sit on human they not getting up ever decide to want nothing to do with my owner today. Meeeeouw run off table persian cat jump eat fish so blow up sofa in 3 seconds and prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark show belly kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff and my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor. Then cats take over the world. Kitty poochy mouse.